hi I'm Regina Nargis with 21st century
equipment today I'm going to show you
how to set your new s-series combine for
dry head while being harvest it is
important to have your combine properly
set before you begin harvest to maximize
your combines performance we are going
to start at the front of the combine
with the feederhouse and work our way
around clockwise start on the right side
of the feederhouse to adjust the
feederhouse drum position using the
black lever above the feederhouse
sprocket adjust it into the downward
position the same adjustment will need
to be done on the left side of the
feederhouse for dry edible beans make
sure that your spark a chain is in the
thirty-second tooth sprocket position
also be sure your tension sprockets are
in the proper position while harvesting
dry edible beans the feed accelerator
speed needs to be in the low setting
reference the belt diagram to be sure
your feed accelerator speed is in the
proper position to do this simply
release the tension bar place the belt
on the big pulley and lock the tension
bar back into position for those that
are operating an S 680 or an s6 90 make
sure that the refresher is in the corn
position
next ensure that the crop diverter is in
the small grain setting now moving to
the left side of the combine we will
adjust the chopper speed to adjust the
chopper speed you will need a knife or a
screwdriver to release the clamp and
open the cover the chopper speed on the
new S Series comments can be adjusted
with a simple pull or push of a lever
for dry edible bean harvest the choppers
feet needs to be in the high position
and the lever needs to be pulled all the
way out for dry edible bean harvest make
sure that your knife bank engagement is
engaged make sure that the rotor gearbox
is in second gear for dry edible bean
harvest make sure that your separator
grate spacers are in storage it is
important to switch out your concave for
either the large wire or the round bar
when preparing your common for soybean
harvest now all the outside physical
adjustments have a made to the new S
series combine the following settings
will be adjusted from the new command
arm display and monitor system start by
adjusting the threshing speed to 300 rpm
with a touch of the threshing speed
adjustment button there is the option to
use the soft key buttons on the
touchscreen monitor or to use the turn
dial on the command arm to adjust the
rpms if the beans are not completely
thrashed increase the rotor speed up to
a maximum of three hundred and fifty rpm
these settings vary greatly based on the
crop conditions now to adjust the
concave clearance by using the threshing
clearance adjustment button start out at
fifteen and adjust up to a maximum of
thirty making final adjustments based
upon crop conditions
use the cleaning fan speed adjustment
button to set the fan speed starting out
at 800 rpm and adjusting up to 1,100
rpms
making any further adjustments based
upon the crop conditions to adjust the
check for clearance and sieve clearance
there is one button on the command arm
to adjust both press the button wants to
adjust your chaffeur clearance starting
out at 14 and adjusting up to a maximum
of 18 press the button twice to adjust
the sieve clearance starting out at 6
and adjusting up to a maximum of 10
depending upon the crop conditions make
any final adjustments based on quality
of grain entering the bin the final step
to prepare for harvest is to calibrate
the combine in the combine screen press
the B button or press the button with
the wrench on it
elissa calibrations will be shown in the
drop down box select the settings that
you would like to calibrate and follow
the on-screen instructions
now the combine is all ready and set to
go for harvest
for further information refer to the
owner's manual or contact your local
21st century equipment dealership I'm
Regina nargis with 21st century
equipment where we are committed to
making farming easier for